She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Greetings from the real universe.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
The book is in front of the table.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The stranger officiates the meal.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
She advised him to come back at once.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
He drank life before spitting it out.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
I want more detailed information.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
At last
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.